PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE	
Paper.Id											     	      (Januay 2025 – Now)
Software Engineer
Working in the Payment Gateway Business Unit within the Integration Team, focusing on building a new Payment Gateway, expanding and maintaining payment integrations.
Integrated payment gateway systems with multiple bank partners, implementing account inquiry, fund transfers, transaction status inquiries, balance checks, and bank statement retrieval while ensuring compliance with SNAP Standards.
Established and standardized the onboarding process for the Payment Gateway Business Unit, ensuring a smoother transition for new engineers by providing clear documentation, best practices, and integration guidelines.
Tech Stacks: Golang, MySQL, RabbitMQ, GCP
Logisly											     (June 2023 – December 2023)
Backend Engineer
Developed Internal Application using AppSheet to streamline Transporter Relation, including Task Assignment, Task Tracker, and Task Management.
Redesigned the Payment Request Invoice to accommodate additional information while maintaining a clean and organised appearance, improving the invoice's usability and effectiveness.
Created an Open API to enable shippers to consume essential order and order details data securely. Implemented an authentication system with API keys/tokens to ensure data security and documented the API using Swagger.
Tech Stacks: Yii, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis, React, AppSheet
Suitmedia
Backend Engineer Intern								      (May 2023 – September 2023)
Expanded and enhanced the existing system for a prominent client specialising in outdoor equipment, including Store, Warehouse Management System (WMS), and Order Management System (OMS).
Implemented new features for pick-up, booking, and delivery processes, enhancing the overall functionality of the system.
Tech Stacks: Dotnet (C#), Entity Framework, Hangfire, MySQL, RabbitMQ.
Pintarnya										          (May 2022 – August 2022)
Backend Engineer Intern
Built features and optimised API endpoints for improved performance in  Pintarnya Kerja and Pintarnya Operational Dashboard (POD).
Integrated Pintarnya's job listings with various job portals, such as Google Jobs, Indeed, Jooble, and Trovit.
Reduced GMaps API costs by approximately Rp 40 million per month by scraping Indonesian geospatial data.
Tech Stacks: Golang, PostgreSQL, GCP.
EDUCATION

INSTITUT TEKNOLOGI BANDUNG				                     	                        (August 2020 – August 2024)
Bachelor of Science - BSc, Computer Science; GPA 3.87/4.00;
Thesis : Incorporating Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning into IndoLEM Evaluation Task (Github)
Relevant Coursework: Algorithm & Data Structure, Software Engineering, Algorithm Strategies, Object-Oriented Programming, Operating System, Distributed & Parallel System, Web-Based and Platform-Based Development, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing


PROJECT EXPERIENCE	

Booking Management Web Portal DITSP ITB   	 			         	          (January 2023 – May 2023)
Lead Backend Engineer
Led a team of developers and implemented SCRUM methodologies within the team's workflow to revamp the booking process for facilities at ITB.
Built the backend using ExpressJS, Sequelize, GCP, and PostgreSQL, while also streamlining the process through the utilisation of CI/CD Github Runner and Google Cloud Run. 
Designed the database for the system, carefully considering its requirements and ensuring an efficient and reliable structure.
Tech Stacks: ReactJS, ExpressJS, PostgreSQL, Bootstrap, GCP, Docker, Google Cloud Run
ORGANIZATION EXPERIENCE	
Learn with Us 			       	  			        		         (February 2021 – May 2021)
Co-Founder & Mentor
Tutored high school students in Physics and Mathematics to complement their preparation for the state-owned university entry test (UTBK).
Succeeded in helping more than 50% of the students to be admitted to top state-owned universities (ITB, IPB, ITS) & fully-funded scholarship.
Achieved the target of 250+ participants registration within 2 weeks after the open registration.

TECHNICAL SKILLS


Programming Languages	: Python, C/C++, C#, Java, Haskell, Go, JS, TS, SQL, Kotlin, PHP
Frameworks			: Node Js, React Js, Express Js, Flask, .NET
Tools & Stacks		: Git, PostgreSQL, Firebase, Docker, GCP, sklearn, KERAS, TensorFlow
